Babloid.com 
wxToolBox v0.6 
Copyright © 2005-2006 Babloid.com
 
END-USER LICENSE AGREEMENT-SINGLE DEVELOPER LICENSE FOR ALL SOFTWARE COMPONENT PRODUCT(S)
 
IMPORTANT- READ CAREFULLY: This Babloid.com End-User License Agreement ("EULA") is a 
legal agreement between you, an individual developer of software applications, 
("Developer End User") and Babloid.com for all Babloid.com software components, source 
code, demos, intermediate files, media, printed materials, and "online" or electronic 
documentation ("SOFTWARE COMPONENT PRODUCT(S)") contained in this installation file. 
 
Babloid.com grants to you as an individual, a personal, nonexclusive license to install 
and use the SOFTWARE COMPONENT PRODUCT(S) for the sole purposes of designing, developing, 
testing, and deploying application programs which you create. If you are an entity, you 
must designate one individual within your organization to license the right to use the 
SOFTWARE COMPONENT PRODUCT(S) in the manner provided herein.
 
By installing, copying, or otherwise using the SOFTWARE COMPONENT PRODUCT(S), you agree 
to be bound by the terms of this EULA. If you do not agree to any part of the terms of 
this EULA, DO NOT INSTALL, USE, DISTRIBUTE IN ANY MANNER, OR REPLICATE IN ANY MANNER, ANY 
PART, FILE OR PORTION OF THE SOFTWARE COMPONENT PRODUCT(S). Immediately return it to 
place of purchase for a full refund.
 
All SOFTWARE COMPONENT PRODUCT(S) is licensed, not sold.
 
RIGOROUS ENFORCEMENT OF INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS. If the licensed right of use for 
this SOFTWARE COMPONENT PRODUCT(S) is purchased by you with any intent to reverse 
engineer, decompile, and the exploitation or unauthorized transfer of any Babloid.com 
intellectual property and trade secrets, to include any exposed methods or source code 
where provided, no licensed right of use shall exist, and any PRODUCT(s) created as a 
result shall be judged illegal by definition of all applicable law. Any sale or resale of 
intellectual property or created derivatives so obtained will be prosecuted to the 
fullest extent of all local, federal and international law.
 
1. GRANT OF LICENSE. This EULA, if legally executed as defined herein, licenses and so 
grants the single individual Developer End User the following rights:
 
SOFTWARE COMPONENT PRODUCT(S). You may install and use one copy of the SOFTWARE COMPONENT 
PRODUCT(S), including any and all source code if provided, or any prior version legally 
licensed for the same operating system, on a single computer. The primary user of the 
computer on which the SOFTWARE COMPONENT PRODUCT(S) is installed may make a second copy 
for his or her exclusive use on a portable computer. You acknowledge and agree that the 
SOFTWARE COMPONENT PRODUCT(S) in source code form remains a confidential trade secret of 
Babloid.com.
 
(a) Storage/Network Use. You, as Developer End User, may also store or install a copy of 
the SOFTWARE COMPONENT PRODUCT(S) on a storage device, such as a network server, used 
only to install or run the SOFTWARE COMPONENT PRODUCT(S) on your other computers over an 
internal network; however, Developer End User must acquire and dedicate a license for 
each separate computer on which the SOFTWARE COMPONENT PRODUCT(S) is installed or run 
from the storage device. A license for the SOFTWARE COMPONENT PRODUCT(S) may not be 
shared or used concurrently on different computers.
 
DESCRIPTION OF OTHER RIGHTS AND LIMITATIONS.
 
2. Not for Resale Software. If the SOFTWARE COMPONENT PRODUCT(S) is labeled and provided 
as "Not for Resale" or "NFR", then, notwithstanding other sections of this EULA, you may 
not resell, distribute, or otherwise transfer for value or benefit in any manner, the 
SOFTWARE COMPONENT PRODUCT(S) or any derivative work using the SOFTWARE COMPONENT 
PRODUCT(S). You may not transfer, rent, lease, lend, copy, modify, translate, sublicense, 
time-share or electronically transmit the SOFTWARE COMPONENT PRODUCT(S), media or 
documentation. This also applies to any and all intermediate files, source code, and 
compiled executables.
 
Limitations on Reverse Engineering, Decompilation, and Disassembly. You may not reverse 
engineer, decompile, or disassemble the SOFTWARE COMPONENT PRODUCT(S), and only to the 
extent that such activity is expressly permitted by applicable law notwithstanding this 
limitation. The provision of source code, if included with the SOFTWARE COMPONENT 
PRODUCT(S), does not constitute transfer of any legal rights to such code, and resale or 
distribution of all or any portion of all source code and intellectual property will be 
prosecuted to the fullest extent of all applicable local, federal and international laws. 
You agree to take all reasonable, legal and appropriate measures to prohibit the illegal 
dissemination of the SOFTWARE COMPONENT PRODUCT(S) or any of its constituent parts and 
Distributables to the fullest extent of all applicable local, US and International Laws 
and Treaties regarding anti-circumvention, including but not limited to, the Geneva and 
Berne World Intellectual Property Organization (WIPO) Diplomatic Conferences.
 
Separation of Components, their constituent parts and Redistributables. The SOFTWARE 
COMPONENT PRODUCT(S) is licensed as a single PRODUCT(s). The SOFTWARE COMPONENT 
PRODUCT(S) and its constituent parts and any provided Distributables may not be reverse 
engineered, decompiled, disassembled or separated for use on more than one computer, nor 
placed for distribution, sale, or resale as individual creations by Developer End User. 
The provision of source code, if included with the SOFTWARE COMPONENT PRODUCT(S), does 
not constitute transfer of any legal rights to such code, and resale or distribution of 
all or any portion of all source code and intellectual property will be prosecuted to the 
fullest extent of all applicable local, federal and international laws. All Babloid.com 
libraries, source code, Redistributables and other files remain Babloid.com's exclusive 
property. Regardless of any modifications that you make, you may not distribute any files 
(particularly Babloid.com source code and other non-executable files) except those that 
Babloid.com has expressly designated as Redistributable. Babloid.com PRODUCT(s) may 
include certain files ("Redistributables") intended for distribution by you to the users 
of programs you create. Redistributables include, for example, those files identified in 
printed or on-line documentation or identified by Babloid.com as redistributable files, 
or those files preselected for deployment by an install utility provided with the 
SOFTWARE COMPONENT PRODUCT(S) (if any). In any event, the Redistributables for the 
SOFTWARE COMPONENT PRODUCT(S) are only those files specifically designated as such by 
Babloid.com. From time to time, Babloid.com may designate other files as 
Redistributables. You must contact Babloid.com to obtain a list or for additional 
information on redistributable files. Subject to all of the terms and conditions in this 
EULA, you may reproduce and distribute exact copies of the Redistributables, provided 
that such copies are made from the original copy of the SOFTWARE COMPONENT PRODUCT(S) or 
the copy transferred to the single hard disk. Copies of Redistributables may only be 
distributed with and for the sole purpose of executing application programs permitted 
under this EULA that you have created using the SOFTWARE COMPONENT PRODUCT(S). Under no 
circumstances may any copies of Redistributables be distributed separately.
 
3. Rental. You may not rent, lease, or lend the SOFTWARE COMPONENT PRODUCT(S).
 
SOFTWARE COMPONENT PRODUCT(S) Transfer. You may NOT permanently or temporarily transfer 
ANY of your rights under this EULA to any individual or entity. Regardless of any 
modifications which you make and regardless of how you might compile, link, and/or 
package your programs, under no circumstances may the libraries, code, Redistributables, 
and/or other files of the SOFTWARE COMPONENT PRODUCT(S) (including any portions thereof) 
be used for developing programs by anyone other than you. Only you as the licensed 
Developer End User have the right to use the libraries, code, Redistributables, or other 
files of the SOFTWARE COMPONENT PRODUCT(S) (or any portions thereof) for developing 
programs created with the SOFTWARE COMPONENT PRODUCT(S). In particular, you may not share 
copies of the Redistributables with other co-developers. You may not reproduce or 
distribute any Babloid.com documentation without permission of Babloid.com.
 
4. Termination. Without prejudice to any other rights or remedies, Babloid.com will 
terminate this EULA upon your failure to comply with all the terms and conditions of this 
EULA. In such event, you must destroy all copies of the SOFTWARE COMPONENT PRODUCT(S) and 
all of its component parts including any related documentation, and must remove ANY and 
ALL use of such technology immediately from any applications using technology contained 
in the SOFTWARE COMPONENT PRODUCT(S) developed by you, whether in native, altered or 
compiled state.
 
5. Additional Restrictions. ONLY THE LEGALLY REGISTERED DEVELOPER END USER IS LICENSED TO 
DISTRIBUTE ROYALTY-FREE THE wxToolBox v0.6, AND ALL ACCOMPANYING wxWidgets CONTROLS AS 
PART OF AN EXECUTABLE PROGRAM ONLY, subject to all of the conditions of this agreement.  
 
You may use the SOFTWARE COMPONENT PRODUCT(S) and related source code to create new 
wxWidgets components for your company's internal use ONLY. THE SOURCE CODE, PACKAGES, 
LIBRARIES AND ALL RESULTING INTERMEDIATE FILES (OBJ, DLL, ETC.) ARE CONFIDENTIAL AND 
PROPRIETARY TRADE SECRETS OF Babloid.com.
 
YOU MAY NOT CREATE NEW 'wxWidgets' COMPONENTS OR 'ACTIVE X' COMPONENTS, or ANY OTHER 
COMPONENT ARCHITECTURE, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO DLLs, FOR DISTRIBUTION OUTSIDE OF 
YOUR COMPANY IN ANY FORM, MANNER OR MEDIA OR USING ANY DISTRIBUTION CHANNEL, WHICH 
UTILIZES ALL OR ANY PORTION OF THE SOFTWARE COMPONENT PRODUCT(S) AND ITS RELATED SOURCE 
CODE.
 
YOU MAY NOT CREATE ANY TOOL OR SOFTWARE COMPONENT PRODUCT(S) THAT DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY 
COMPETES WITH THE SOFTWARE COMPONENT PRODUCT(S) WHICH UTILIZES ALL OR ANY PORTION OF THE 
SOFTWARE COMPONENT PRODUCT(S) AND ITS RELATED SOURCE CODE. MODIFICATION OF SOURCE CODE 
AND SUBSEQUENT REDISTRIBUTION OF ANY SUCH MODIFICATIONS IS PROHIBITED.
 
6. UPGRADES. If the SOFTWARE COMPONENT PRODUCT(S) is labeled as an upgrade, you must be 
properly licensed to use a PRODUCT(s) identified by Babloid.com as being eligible for the 
upgrade in order to use the SOFTWARE COMPONENT PRODUCT. A SOFTWARE COMPONENT PRODUCT 
labeled as an upgrade replaces and/or supplements the SOFTWARE COMPONENT PRODUCT that 
formed the basis for your eligibility for the upgrade, and together constitute a single 
PRODUCT. You may use the resulting upgraded PRODUCT only in accordance with all the terms 
of this EULA. 
 
7. COPYRIGHT. All title and copyrights in and to the SOFTWARE COMPONENT PRODUCT(S) 
(including but not limited to any images, demos, source code, intermediate files, 
packages, photographs, distributables, animations, video, audio, music, text, and 
"applets" incorporated into the SOFTWARE COMPONENT PRODUCT(S), the accompanying printed 
materials, and any copies of the SOFTWARE COMPONENT PRODUCT(S) are owned by Babloid.com 
or its subsidiaries. The SOFTWARE COMPONENT PRODUCT(S) is protected by copyright laws and 
international treaty provisions. Therefore, you must treat the SOFTWARE COMPONENT 
PRODUCT(S) like any other copyrighted material except that you may install the SOFTWARE 
COMPONENT PRODUCT(S) on a single computer provided you keep the original solely for 
backup or archival purposes. You may not copy the printed materials accompanying the 
SOFTWARE COMPONENT PRODUCT(S).
 
8. DUAL-MEDIA SOFTWARE COMPONENT PRODUCT(S). You may receive the SOFTWARE COMPONENT 
PRODUCT(S) in more than one medium. Regardless of the type or size of medium you receive, 
you may use only one medium that is appropriate for your single computer. You may not use 
or install the other medium on another computer. You may not loan, sell, rent, lease, or 
otherwise transfer in any manner the other medium to another user or entity.
 
9. Installation and Use. The license granted in this EULA for you to create your own 
compiled programs and distribute your programs and the Redistributables (if any), is 
subject to all of the following conditions:
 
(I) all copies of the programs you create must bear a valid copyright notice, either your 
own or the Babloid.com copyright notice that appears on the SOFTWARE COMPONENT 
PRODUCT(S); 
(II) you may not remove or alter any Babloid.com copyright, trademark or other 
proprietary rights notice contained in any portion of Babloid.com libraries, source code, 
Redistributables or other files that bear such a notice; 
(III) Babloid.com provides no warranty at all to any person, other than the Limited 
Warranty provided to the original purchaser of the SOFTWARE COMPONENT PRODUCT(S), and you 
will remain solely responsible to anyone receiving your programs for support, service, 
upgrades, or technical or other assistance, and such recipients will have no right to 
contact Babloid.com for such services or assistance; 
(IV) you will indemnify and hold Babloid.com, its related companies and its suppliers, 
harmless from and against any claims or liabilities arising out of the use, reproduction 
or distribution of your programs; 
(V) your programs containing Babloid.com SOFTWARE COMPONENT PRODUCT(S) must be written 
using a licensed, registered copy of the SOFTWARE COMPONENT PRODUCT(S); 
(VI) your programs must add primary and substantial functionality, and may not be merely 
a set or subset of any of the libraries, code, Redistributables or other files of the 
SOFTWARE COMPONENT PRODUCT(S); 
(VII) regardless of any modifications which you make and regardless of how you might 
compile, link, or package your programs, the libraries, code, Redistributables, and/or 
other files of the SOFTWARE COMPONENT PRODUCT(S) (including any portions thereof) may not 
be used in programs created by your end users (i.e., users of your programs) and may not 
be further redistributed by your end users; and 
(VIII) you may not use Babloid.com's or any of its suppliers' names, logos, or trademarks 
to market your programs.
 
NO WARRANTIES. Babloid.com expressly disclaims any warranty for the SOFTWARE COMPONENT 
PRODUCT(S). THE SOFTWARE COMPONENT PRODUCT(S) AND ANY RELATED DOCUMENTATION IS PROVIDED 
"AS IS" WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, WITHOUT 
LIMITATION, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, 
OR NONINFRINGEMENT. THE ENTIRE RISK ARISING OUT OF USE OR PERFORMANCE OF THE SOFTWARE 
COMPONENT PRODUCT(S) REMAINS WITH YOU. To the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, 
in no event shall Babloid.com be liable for any special, incidental, indirect, or 
consequential damages whatsoever (including, without limitation, damages for loss of 
business profits, business interruption, loss of business information, or any other 
pecuniary loss) arising out of the use of or inability to use the SOFTWARE COMPONENT 
PRODUCT(S) or the provision of or failure to provide Support Services, even if 
Babloid.com has been advised of the possibility of such damages. 
Babloid.com's entire liability and your exclusive remedy shall be, at Babloid.com's 
option, either (a) return of the price paid, or (b) repair or replacement of the SOFTWARE 
COMPONENT PRODUCT(S) that does not meet Babloid.com's Limited Warranty and which is 
returned to Babloid.com with a copy of your receipt. DO NOT RETURN ANY PRODUCT(S) UNTIL 
YOU HAVE CONTACTED THE Babloid.com CUSTOMER SERVICE DEPARTMENT AND OBTAINED A RETURN 
AUTHORIZATION NUMBER. This Limited Warranty is void if failure of the SOFTWARE COMPONENT 
PRODUCT(S) has resulted from accident, abuse, or misapplication. Any replacement SOFTWARE 
COMPONENT PRODUCT(S) will be warranted for the remainder of the original warranty period 
or seven (7) days, whichever is longer. Outside Ukraine, neither these remedies nor any 
PRODUCT(s) support services offered by Babloid.com are available without proof of 
purchase from an authorized non-Ukrainian source. Some states and jurisdictions do not 
allow the exclusion or limitation of liability, so the above limitation may not apply to 
you.
 
Support Services. Babloid.com may provide you with support services related to the 
SOFTWARE COMPONENT PRODUCT(S) ("Support Services"). Use of Support Services is governed 
by the Babloid.com policies and programs described in the user manual, in "on line" 
documentation and/or other Babloid.com provided materials. Any supplemental SOFTWARE 
COMPONENT PRODUCT(S) code provided to you as part of the Support Services shall be 
considered part of the SOFTWARE COMPONENT PRODUCT(S) and subject to the terms and 
conditions of this EULA. With respect to technical information you provide to Babloid.com 
as part of the Support Services, Babloid.com may use such information for its business 
purposes, including for PRODUCT(s) support and development. Babloid.com will not utilize 
such technical information in a form that personally identifies you.
 
MISCELLANEOUS. This EULA shall be construed, interpreted and governed by the laws of 
Ukraine. This EULA gives you specific legal rights; you may have others that vary from 
state to state and from country to country. 
 
Babloid.com reserves all rights not specifically granted in this EULA. 
 
GENERAL PROVISIONS. This EULA may only be modified in writing signed by you and an 
authorized officer of Babloid.com. If any provision of this EULA is found void or 
unenforceable, the remainder will remain valid and enforceable according to its terms. If 
any remedy provided is determined to have failed for its essential purpose, all 
limitations of liability and exclusions of damages set forth in the Limited Warranty 
shall remain in effect.
 
If this PRODUCT(s) was acquired outside Ukraine, then you, as the Developer End User, 
agree and ascend to the adherence to all applicable international treaties regarding 
copyright and intellectual property rights which shall also apply. In addition, you, as 
Developer End User, agree that any local law(s) to the benefit and protection of 
Babloid.com ownership of, and interest in, its intellectual property and right of 
recovery for damages thereto will also apply.
 
Should you have any questions concerning this EULA, or if you desire to contact 
Babloid.com for any reason, please contact us directly in Ukraine at 380-0612-186-
448/+3066-359-96-92, or write: Babloid.com (for Volodymir Tryapichko),  Avtozavodskaya 
st. 54/91, Zaporizhzhya 69118, Ukraine
